Documentation

All documents reside in the main directory "UDR". The subdirectories contain
content: images and portable document format (.pdf) articles. The naming
convention for all images and other files was kept as close as possible to 
Dr. Leemis' naming conventions for .tex files. The following is a 
descriptive list of the pages and content directories of the site.

-----Homepage-----

UDR.html - The home page of the site, displaying a header, the chart, 
a navigation pane for finding distributions, a menu to other pages, and an
information dialogue that shows f(x) of the distributions. This document only
includes the content. All formatting was accomplished with CSS. See _chart.css
for formatting of all content elements.

-----Linked Documents-----

about.html - A discussion of the content of the chart, how to interpret the chart
a link to the article "Univariate Distribution Relationships", contributors, 
contact info, tested browsers, and a menu to other pages.

BaseImage.png - the basic chart without any highlights

contact.html - Dr. Leemis' email address and format for responses, questions,
and suggestions.

docs - the support file you are reading now.

links.html - A list of links to be used as supplimentary material. Example:
A link to APPLsoftware.com and a description of how APPL was used in the
generation of content.

logo.gif - An animation of two overlapping discrete PDF plots

UDR.css - the repository for all styling choices (layout, background color, 
links, etc) on the site. All pages should index to this file for styling. 

-----Directories-----

/buttons - contains all button images for menu buttons and zoom in/out buttons.

/chartimages - contains all images of the chart with special highlighting for
each distribution links to the chart info block (<div id="Charthouse">).

/infoimages - contains png image files with screenshots of f(x) from the article.
They have been changed to match the color scheme of the website. linked to the
info block of the homepage (<div id="info">).

/PDFs - Contains all portable document content .pdf files with distribution
descriptions, transformation proofs, plots, etc.

/supportfiles - see below

-----Support Files-----

BaseImagex.xcf - a GIMP image for any future edits to images. The program
Seashore was used extensively to create all images on the site. Color choices
can be interpreted with the eyedrop tool. The glowing color underneath layers
is a bloom tool with radius 5 using the color "Lemon" rgb(255,255,0).

areawriter.c - a .C file-handling program that takes input called "Coordinates"
and outputs an html imagemap with areas having proper coordinates. Please note
that no error checking was introduced into this program. Use caution when 
changing area data on the UDF.html page.

Coordinates - a text file that includes manually transcribed coordinate data of 
three types - rect, circle, and polygon. Circles are described by one x,y pair.
Circles were used to highlight individual properties of distributions. The circles
all have radius 10 and are mapped over the center of the descriptive letter below
a distribution. Rectangles or "rect" areas use two x,y pairs (ordered X1,Y1,X2,Y2)
that describe the top left and the bottom right corners of all squares. Polygons
need only have an even number of entries representing 3 or more pairs of 
coordinates. These coordinates are listed after the name and area type. See
the file for an example of how the data was transcribed. Once in this format,
one only needs to run the areawriter.c program in the same directory. The
resulting output file can then be pasted into the UDR.html file inbetween the
<map> </map> tags. Of course individual coordinates may be adjusted directly
by finding their position in the image map.

distwriter.c - a .C file-handling program that takes input (Listofdist) and 
generates out put that can be used in html to generate the
links that appear in the side navigation panel of the UDF.html page.

Listofdist - an alphabetical list of probability distributions split into dicrete
and continuous lists. This data is used as imput in distwriter.c to ease the
coding of hyperlinks in the distribution side navigation pane of the homepage.

-----
